
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000065                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                    64927500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                   64927500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  64281                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   128229                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              186755822                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4533368                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.35                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                       22347                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                         44579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0        57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              57344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0          448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                 448                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    883200493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             883200493                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    883200493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            883200493                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         448                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       896                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                  57344                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   57344                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                40                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                56                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                50                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                52                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                24                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                18                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10               30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11               70                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12               48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13               78                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14               28                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15               92                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                      64841000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   896                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples          162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    344.493827                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   266.184952                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   265.477801                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255           64     39.51%     39.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           36     22.22%     61.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           18     11.11%     72.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           17     10.49%     83.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           10      6.17%     89.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      1.85%     91.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      1.23%     92.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12      7.41%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total          162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                     10390000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                27190000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                    4480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     11595.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                30345.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       883.20                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    883.20                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     6.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                      727                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 81.14                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     144734.38                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    81.14                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                   635040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                   346500                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                 3759600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy              4068480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy             38681910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy              3598500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy               51090030                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            816.787050                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      6243250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF       2080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT      54721250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                   559440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                   305250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                 2886000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy              4068480                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy             38659680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy              3618000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy               50096850                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            800.908873                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      6378000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF       2080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT      54665000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.ruby_clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::cpu0.inst       235096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::cpu0.data        31685                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::total         266781                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst       235096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::total       235096                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::cpu0.data        24707                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::total        24707                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::cpu0.inst        29387                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::cpu0.data         5151                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::total           34538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::cpu0.data         3671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::total           3671                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::cpu0.inst    3620900235                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::cpu0.data     488005853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::total        4108906088                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst   3620900235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::total   3620900235                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::cpu0.data    380532132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::total        380532132                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::cpu0.inst   3620900235                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::cpu0.data    868537985                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::total       4489438220                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  18                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                          129855                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                      22347                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                        44579                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                43639                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                  1281                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                        803                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts         3987                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                       43639                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                         1281                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads              84502                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes             34889                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                2127                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                955                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads               26593                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes              13981                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                         8818                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                       5148                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                      3670                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                  0.002000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              129854.998000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                             5144                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                  164      0.37%      0.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                    34630     77.68%     78.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                      25      0.06%     78.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                       84      0.19%     78.29% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                    858      1.92%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.22% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                    5148     11.55%     91.77% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                   3670      8.23%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                     44579                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu2.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu2.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu2.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu2.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu2.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu2.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu2.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu2.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu2.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu2.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu2.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu2.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu2.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu2.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu2.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu2.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu3.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu3.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu3.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu3.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu3.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu3.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu3.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu3.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu3.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu3.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu3.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu3.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu3.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu3.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu3.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu3.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.gpu.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.gpu.clk_domain.clock                      1429                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.dram_wrapper.clk_domain.clock          541                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.icnt_wrapper.clk_domain.clock         2858                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples        38209                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean       1.000105                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean      1.000073                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::stdev      0.010231                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       38205     99.99%     99.99% |           4      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total         38209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples               38209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               2.398702                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.060011                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev             13.655807                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |       38040     99.56%     99.56% |         166      0.43%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total                 38209                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples           37761                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean           1.014300                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean          1.002647                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::stdev          0.462934                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |       37725     99.90%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |          36      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total             37761                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples            448                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        119.087054                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       115.321920                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        45.968562                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |         279     62.28%     62.28% |         166     37.05%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           2      0.45%     99.78% |           1      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total              448                      
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagefaults                 0                       # Number of Pagefaults
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagewalks                  0                       # Number of Pagewalks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.totalRequests                 0                       # Total number of requests
system.gpu.shader_mmu.l2hits                        0                       # Hits in the shared L2
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchHits                  0                       # Number of prefetch hits
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPrefetches                 0                       # Number of prefetchs
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchFaults                0                       # Number of faults caused by prefetches
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::samples            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::mean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::gmean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::stdev          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::0            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::1            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::2            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::3            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::4            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::5            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::6            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::7            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::8            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::9            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::10            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::11            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::12            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::13            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::14            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::15            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::total            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.kernels_started                          0                       # Number of kernels started
system.gpu.kernels_completed                        0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hits                       0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.misses                     0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hitRate                  nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hits                         0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.misses                       0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hitRate                    nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.numOperations                         0                       # Number of copy/memset operations
system.gpu.ce.opBytesRead                           0                       # Number of copy bytes read
system.gpu.ce.opBytesWritten                        0                       # Number of copy/memset bytes written
system.gpu.ce.opTimeTicks                           0                       # Total time spent in copy/memset operations
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores00.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores00.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores00.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores00.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores00.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores00.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores00.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores00.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores01.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores01.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores01.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores01.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores01.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores01.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores01.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores01.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores02.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores02.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores02.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores02.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores02.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores02.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores02.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores02.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores03.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores03.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores03.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores03.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores03.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores03.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores03.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores03.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores04.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores04.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores04.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores04.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores04.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores04.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores04.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores04.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores05.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores05.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores05.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores05.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores05.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores05.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores05.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores05.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores06.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores06.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores06.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores06.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores06.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores06.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores06.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores06.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores07.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores07.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores07.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores07.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores07.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores07.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores07.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores07.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores08.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores08.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores08.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores08.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores08.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores08.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores08.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores08.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores09.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores09.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores09.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores09.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores09.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores09.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores09.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores09.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores10.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores10.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores10.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores10.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores10.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores10.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores10.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores10.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores11.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores11.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores11.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores11.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores11.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores11.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores11.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores11.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores12.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores12.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores12.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores12.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores12.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores12.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores12.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores12.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores13.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores13.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores13.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores13.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores13.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores13.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores13.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores13.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores14.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores14.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores14.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores14.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores14.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores14.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores14.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores14.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.hits                  0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.misses                0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.itb.hitRate             nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.local_loads               0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.local_stores              0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.shared_loads              0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.shared_stores             0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.const_loads               0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.tex_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.global_loads              0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.global_stores             0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.surf_loads                0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores15.generic_loads             0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores15.generic_stores            0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::0            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::1            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::2            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::3            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::4            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::5            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::6            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.inst_counts::7            0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores15.activeCycles              0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores15.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores15.instInstances             0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores15.instPerCycle            nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores15.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores15.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.sequencer.icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.sequencer.icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.sequencer.icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_reads          448                       # number of data array reads
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.probeFilter.num_data_array_writes          896                       # number of data array writes
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits         8657                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses          165                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses         8822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits        29068                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          319                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses        29387                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits           36                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses          448                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses          484                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl2.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl3.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp04.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp05.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp06.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp07.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp08.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp09.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp10.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp11.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp12.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp13.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp14.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp15.cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.num_tag_array_reads          448                       # number of tag array reads
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.int_node.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.percent_links_utilized     0.219177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_count.Request_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_count.Response_Data::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3         1344                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        60928                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3        10752                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.percent_links_utilized     0.014093                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.msg_count.Response_Control::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.percent_links_utilized     0.108235                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.msg_count.Response_Control::4          896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         7168                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         7168                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.percent_links_utilized     0.266360                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_count.Request_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_count.Response_Data::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_count.Response_Control::4          896                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          896                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3584                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        60928                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         7168                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         7168                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         3584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control          896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data          896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control         4480                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Broadcast_Control         3584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Unblock_Control          896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control         7168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data       121856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        35840                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Broadcast_Control        28672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Unblock_Control         7168                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle0.link_utilization     0.172500                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle0.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3584                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle0.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         3584                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.link_utilization     0.811765                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::4          896                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        60928                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         7168                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle3.link_utilization     0.081177                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.int_links0.node_a.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links00.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization     0.892942                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::4         2240                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::4        60928                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4        17920                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization     0.040588                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle1.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle1.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle2.link_utilization     0.040588                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle3.link_utilization     0.040588                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle3.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle3.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle4.link_utilization     0.081177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.Request_Control::2          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle4.msg_count.Unblock_Control::5          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links01.int_node.throttle4.msg_bytes.Unblock_Control::5         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization     0.172500                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle10.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle11.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle12.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle13.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle14.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle15.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle16.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle17.link_utilization     0.081177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle17.msg_count.Response_Control::4          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links05.int_node.throttle17.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle0.link_utilization     0.081177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle0.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle0.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle1.link_utilization     0.162353                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::4          896                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::4         7168                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle2.link_utilization     0.081177                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle2.msg_count.Broadcast_Control::3          448                      
system.ruby.network.ext_links21.int_node.throttle2.msg_bytes.Broadcast_Control::3         3584                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples             4936                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            3.238250                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.090158                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev          19.896947                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |        4892     99.11%     99.11% |          42      0.85%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           0      0.00%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total               4936                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples         4854                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.033993                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.006303                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.713329                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |        4843     99.77%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |          11      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total           4854                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples           82                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     133.719512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    124.494739                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     81.010329                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |          38     46.34%     46.34% |          42     51.22%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           1      1.22%     98.78% |           1      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total            82                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket           159                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples             3671                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            3.209207                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.095466                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          16.122600                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |        3600     98.07%     98.07% |           1      0.03%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |           0      0.00%     98.09% |          45      1.23%     99.32% |           0      0.00%     99.32% |          10      0.27%     99.59% |          15      0.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total               3671                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples         3601                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean        1.004166                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean       1.000770                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::stdev       0.249965                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |        3600     99.97%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           1      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total           3601                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples           70                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     116.642857                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    114.677331                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev     22.693954                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          45     64.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |          10     14.29%     78.57% |          15     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total            70                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples        29387                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        2.161398                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.050970                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev      11.934945                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |       29092     99.00%     99.00% |         196      0.67%     99.66% |          98      0.33%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total          29387                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples        29092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean     1.012375                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean     1.002290                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::stdev     0.430664                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |       29068     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |          24      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total        29092                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples          295                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   115.474576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   112.928966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    34.712598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         196     66.44%     66.44% |          98     33.22%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total          295                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples          215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      1.720930                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.023766                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev    10.570912                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |         214     99.53%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           0      0.00%     99.53% |           1      0.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total          215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples          214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total          214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean          156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean          156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples        37725                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37725    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total        37725                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::samples           36                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::mean           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::gmean    16.000000                      
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache.hit_mach_latency_hist::total           36                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::samples          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::mean   119.087054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::gmean   115.321920                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::stdev    45.968562                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist |         279     62.28%     62.28% |         166     37.05%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           2      0.45%     99.78% |           1      0.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_mach_latency_hist::total          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::samples          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.issue_to_initial_request::total          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::samples          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::mean            5                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::gmean     5.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.initial_to_forward::total          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::samples          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::mean           17                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::gmean    17.000000                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.forward_to_first_response::total          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::samples          448                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::mean    96.087054                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::gmean    91.792486                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::stdev    45.968562                      
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         372     83.04%     83.04% |          73     16.29%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           0      0.00%     99.33% |           1      0.22%     99.55% |           2      0.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory.miss_latency_hist.first_response_to_completion::total          448                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         4843                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         4843                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           11                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean           16                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean    16.000000                      
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          11    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           11                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           82                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean   133.719512                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   124.494739                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev    81.010329                      
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |          38     46.34%     46.34% |          42     51.22%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           0      0.00%     97.56% |           1      1.22%     98.78% |           1      1.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total           82                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples         3600                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        3600    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total         3600                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples            1                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean           16                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean    16.000000                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total            1                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           70                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean   116.642857                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   114.677331                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev    22.693954                      
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          45     64.29%     64.29% |           0      0.00%     64.29% |          10     14.29%     78.57% |          15     21.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total           70                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples        29068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       29068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total        29068                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples           24                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean    16.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.L2Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total           24                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          295                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean   115.474576                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean   112.928966                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev    34.712598                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         196     66.44%     66.44% |          98     33.22%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           0      0.00%     99.66% |           1      0.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total          295                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::samples          214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         214    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.L1Cache.hit_type_mach_latency_hist::total          214                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::samples            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::mean          156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::gmean          156                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::stdev          nan                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.Directory.miss_type_mach_latency_hist::total            1                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETX              71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.GETS             377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.UnblockM          448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data          448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETX            71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.E.GETS           377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B.UnblockM          448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.NO_B_W.Memory_Data          448      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |        4936    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total         4936                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |       29387    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total        29387                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |        3886    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total         3886                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2  |         142    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_to_L2::total          142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |          12    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total           12                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1 |          36    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Complete_L2_to_L1::total           36                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     25.00%     25.00% |          71     25.00%     50.00% |          71     25.00%     75.00% |          71     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETX::total          284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         377     25.00%     25.00% |         377     25.00%     50.00% |         377     25.00%     75.00% |         377     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Other_GETS::total         1508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        2240    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2240                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data |         448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Data::total          448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers |         448    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.All_acks_no_sharers::total          448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          82    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           82                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         295    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          295                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          71    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          71     25.00%     25.00% |          71     25.00%     50.00% |          71     25.00%     75.00% |          71     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX::total          284                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         377     25.00%     25.00% |         377     25.00%     50.00% |         377     25.00%     75.00% |         377     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS::total         1508                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |         941    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total          941                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch  |       29068    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Ifetch::total        29068                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2 |         124    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_to_L2::total          124                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Trigger_L2_to_L1I::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load   |        3902    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Load::total         3902                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store  |        3792    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Store::total         3792                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2 |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.L1_to_L2::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM.Trigger_L2_to_L1D::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load   |           4    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Load::total            4                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch |          24    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MR.Ifetch::total           24                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load  |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Load::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMR.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack    |         355    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Ack::total          355                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data |          71    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Exclusive_Data::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers |         377    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total          377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers |          71    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MM_W.All_acks_no_sharers::total           71                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack    |        1885    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Ack::total         1885                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data |         377    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Exclusive_Data::total          377                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total           28                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1 |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.MMT.Complete_L2_to_L1::total            8                      
system.ruby.GPUL2Cache_Controller.Other_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.GPUL2Cache_Controller.Other_GETS          377      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.GPUL2Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETX           71      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.GPUL2Cache_Controller.I.Other_GETS          377      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
