
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.357034                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                357033694500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               358214627000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 216376                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   464151                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              386074575                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1320040                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   924.78                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   200100001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     429237438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     16091904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16091904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0     14334848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        14334848                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0       125718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              125718                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0       111991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             111991                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0     45071107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              45071107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0     40149846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             40149846                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0     85220954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             85220954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      125718                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     111991                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    251436                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   223982                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM               16066816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   25088                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                14332864                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                16091904                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             14334848                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    392                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0             15828                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1             15628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2             15678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3             15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4             15628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5             15622                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6             15628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7             15626                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8             15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9             15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10            15738                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11            15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12            15678                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13            15792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14            16078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15            15624                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0             13913                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1             13968                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2             14222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3             13984                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4             13956                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5             13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6             13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7             13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8             13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9             13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10            13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11            13952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12            14078                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13            14220                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14            13958                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15            13988                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  357032809000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                251436                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               223982                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  125522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  125522                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  14011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  14012                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  13996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  13996                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                  13991                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                  13990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                  13990                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples        79310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    383.350397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   309.684616                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   278.555255                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127          765      0.96%      0.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255        13811     17.41%     18.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383        32577     41.08%     59.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511        18208     22.96%     82.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          984      1.24%     83.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          590      0.74%     84.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1231      1.55%     85.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1497      1.89%     87.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         9647     12.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total        79310                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        13990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      17.943388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.068731                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    211.879258                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023        13989     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::24576-25599            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         13990                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        13990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.007934                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.007472                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.126575                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16            13935     99.61%     99.61% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               54      0.39%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         13990                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   6762139750                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             11469214750                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1255220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     26936.07                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                45686.07                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        45.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        40.14                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     45.07                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                     40.15                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.67                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.35                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      25.78                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   190848                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  204853                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 76.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.46                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1501974.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    83.30                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                323628480                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                176583000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1084933200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              725118480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          23396811360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy         106933671810                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         121127220000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           253767966330                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            708.424651                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 200740865000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   11922300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  144375328750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                327960360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                178946625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1088427600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              726096960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          23396811360                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy         106928600805                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         121131660000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           253778503710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            708.454095                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 200747246750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   11922300000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  144368634250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.ruby_clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst   2007589280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    349185167                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::total     2356774447                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst   2007589280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::total   2007589280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::switch_cpus0.data    218229797                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::total    218229797                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst    250948660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     58207434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::total       309156094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::switch_cpus0.data     36371418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::total       36371418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst   5622968675                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    978017404                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::total        6600986079                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst   5622968675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::total   5622968675                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::switch_cpus0.data    611230257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::total        611230257                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst   5622968675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1589247661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::total       7212216336                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                   3                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.gpu.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.gpu.clk_domain.clock                      1429                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.dram_wrapper.clk_domain.clock          541                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.icnt_wrapper.clk_domain.clock         2858                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                 878728                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.066278                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 5.365722                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |      765247     87.09%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |           0      0.00%     87.09% |      113481     12.91%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                   878728                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples    345527513                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   345527513    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total     345527513                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples           345527512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.066601                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.001865                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              4.019287                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |   345407700     99.97%     99.97% |      104620      0.03%    100.00% |        1920      0.00%    100.00% |       12144      0.00%    100.00% |         533      0.00%    100.00% |         385      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total             345527512                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples       345401778                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   345401778    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total         345401778                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples         125734                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        184.024194                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       167.627029                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       104.445219                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |        5922      4.71%      4.71% |      104620     83.21%     87.92% |        1920      1.53%     89.44% |       12144      9.66%     99.10% |         533      0.42%     99.53% |         385      0.31%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |          13      0.01%     99.84% |         197      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total           125734                      
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagefaults                 0                       # Number of Pagefaults
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagewalks                  0                       # Number of Pagewalks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.totalRequests                 0                       # Total number of requests
system.gpu.shader_mmu.l2hits                        0                       # Hits in the shared L2
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchHits                  0                       # Number of prefetch hits
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPrefetches                 0                       # Number of prefetchs
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchFaults                0                       # Number of faults caused by prefetches
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::samples            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::mean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::gmean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::stdev          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::0            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::1            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::2            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::3            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::4            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::5            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::6            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::7            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::8            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::9            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::10            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::11            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::12            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::13            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::14            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::15            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::total            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.kernels_started                          0                       # Number of kernels started
system.gpu.kernels_completed                        0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hits                       0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.misses                     0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hitRate                  nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hits                         0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.misses                       0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hitRate                    nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.numOperations                         0                       # Number of copy/memset operations
system.gpu.ce.opBytesRead                           0                       # Number of copy bytes read
system.gpu.ce.opBytesWritten                        0                       # Number of copy/memset bytes written
system.gpu.ce.opTimeTicks                           0                       # Total time spent in copy/memset operations
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores0.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores0.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores1.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores1.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores2.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores2.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores3.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores3.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.hits                0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     94453477                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       125375                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     94578852                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    250948301                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          359                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    250948660                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.hits             0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits           16                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       125718                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       125734                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.156169                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1       125681                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17099824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1005448                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.306830                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       251452                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       363443                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262196                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0      2011616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49428248                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2097568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.150661                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       237709                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1       136515                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32328424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1092120                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.061366                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       251452                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       363443                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262196                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      2011616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     49428248                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2097568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control          754356                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         3240                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1090329                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1162713                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       341271                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        34188                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control          6034848                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        25920                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    148284744                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      9301704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     46412856                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       273504                      
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               714067389                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          200000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            429065314                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    421789542                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses      18184727                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls           21821872                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     32749320                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           421789542                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts             18184727                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    774386213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    323572886                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads     25458641                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes     14547785                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_reads    260780145                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_writes    152588973                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             94578852                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           58207434                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          36371418                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles         714067389                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 54571582                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass         1808      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        323573641     75.41%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult             120      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv               49      0.00%     75.41% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd       10910844      2.54%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        58207434     13.57%     91.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       36371418      8.48%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         429065314                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.158489                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       124877                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17099824                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       999016                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.153849                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          804                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         6432                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.312200                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       125057                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005872                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17097648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1000456                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.301460                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       237725                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       137139                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005744                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32330600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1097112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.142972                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111991                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12262                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005744                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15230776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        98096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.158351                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       124253                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17097648                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       994024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.158489                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       124877                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17099824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       999016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.312200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0       125734                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1       125057                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2       125375                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113481                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1          276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        11396                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17097648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1000456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1003000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15433416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1        37536                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        91168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.142972                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0       125718                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       111991                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        12262                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1005744                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15230776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        98096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        375986                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         4.829159                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        7.344788                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      262505     69.82%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |           0      0.00%     69.82% |      113481     30.18%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          375986                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        501662                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      501662    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          501662                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          1080                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        1080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            1080                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket           639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         50933122                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.033579                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.001127                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           2.382126                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    50921658     99.98%     99.98% |        5603      0.01%     99.99% |        5708      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          26      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         127      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           50933122                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     50921571                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    50921571    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       50921571                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples        11551                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     149.063025                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean    143.685984                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     55.712684                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |          87      0.75%      0.75% |        5603     48.51%     49.26% |        5708     49.42%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |           0      0.00%     98.68% |          26      0.23%     98.90% |           0      0.00%     98.90% |           0      0.00%     98.90% |           0      0.00%     98.90% |         127      1.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total         11551                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         36371390                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.583491                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.016199                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          12.028977                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    36257809     99.69%     99.69% |       98603      0.27%     99.96% |        1840      0.01%     99.96% |       12144      0.03%    100.00% |         406      0.00%    100.00% |         378      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |         197      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           36371390                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     36257622                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    36257622    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       36257622                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples       113768                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.540925                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    170.265449                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    107.566393                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |         187      0.16%      0.16% |       98603     86.67%     86.83% |        1840      1.62%     88.45% |       12144     10.67%     99.13% |         406      0.36%     99.48% |         378      0.33%     99.82% |           0      0.00%     99.82% |          13      0.01%     99.83% |         197      0.17%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total        113768                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    250948660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000287                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000007                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.265462                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   250948317    100.00%    100.00% |         286      0.00%    100.00% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      250948660                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    250948301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   250948301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    250948301                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples          359                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   201.665738                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   180.657940                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    94.966296                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |          16      4.46%      4.46% |         286     79.67%     84.12% |          50     13.93%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           0      0.00%     98.05% |           7      1.95%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total          359                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples      7274284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean      1.001053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean     1.000036                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::stdev     0.448709                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |     7274229    100.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          23      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total      7274284                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples      7274228                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     7274228    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total      7274228                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::samples           56                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::mean   137.803571                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::gmean   110.217810                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::stdev    87.027565                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist   |           1      1.79%      1.79% |          28     50.00%     51.79% |           0      0.00%     51.79% |           0      0.00%     51.79% |           0      0.00%     51.79% |           0      0.00%     51.79% |          23     41.07%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           0      0.00%     92.86% |           4      7.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist::total           56                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::samples           28                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          28    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist::total           28                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch         125718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data          111991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data       125718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack       111991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement        12262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch       125718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data        111991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement        12262      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data       125718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack       111991      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    50933122    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     50933122                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   250948660    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    250948660                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    43645730    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     43645730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1080    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1080                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      124897    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       124897                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       11551    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total        11551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      114183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       114183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      124877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       124877                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       11331    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total        11331                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total           22                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |      113659    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       113659                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         147    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          147                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         220    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          220                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         337    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          337                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         165    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          165                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   250948301    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    250948301                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         548    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          548                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |          18    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    10810418    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     10810418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |         111    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total          111                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         109    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       11396    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total        11396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    40111153    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     40111153                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    43531795    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     43531795                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |         276    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total          276                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      113481    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       113481                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       11551    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total        11551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |         359    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total          359                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |      113824    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       113824                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      124877    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       124877                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR          359      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS          11551      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX         113824      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX         124877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement       111715      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean        12538      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data        125718      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack         124253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data            276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            804      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock       125375      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR          347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS        11549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX       113822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR           12      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          695      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement       111715      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean        11458      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX       124877      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          385      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack       124253      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data          276      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          109      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          695      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data        11549      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data          347      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data       113822      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock       125375      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
