
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.002008                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2007835500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                31959341000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                2391956                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4306195                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              436602051                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1299712                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     4.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    11000003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      19803174                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             420992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       400384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          400384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3289                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         3128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               3128                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0    209674548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             209674548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0    199410759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            199410759                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0    409085306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            409085306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        3289                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       3128                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      6578                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6256                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 420992                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  399296                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  420992                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               400384                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               514                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               424                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               462                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               429                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              394                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2007912500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  6578                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6256                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    3289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    3289                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    388                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    618.940377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   474.543862                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   357.725612                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           23      1.74%      1.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255          277     20.91%     22.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           93      7.02%     29.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511          101      7.62%     37.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639          128      9.66%     46.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767          103      7.77%     54.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           71      5.36%     60.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          120      9.06%     69.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          409     30.87%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1325                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      16.948454                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     16.689177                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev      4.359483                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::16-19           374     96.39%     96.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::20-23             4      1.03%     97.42% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::28-31             3      0.77%     98.20% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-35             4      1.03%     99.23% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::36-39             1      0.26%     99.48% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-67             1      0.26%     99.74% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::68-71             1      0.26%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           388                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.079897                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.075262                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.401944                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              373     96.13%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               14      3.61%     99.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.26%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           388                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    186045000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               309382500                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   32890000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     28282.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                47032.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       209.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       198.87                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    209.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    199.41                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         3.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     1.64                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    1.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      26.03                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     5861                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5631                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 89.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                90.01                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     312905.17                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    89.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                205102800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                111911250                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy              1192315800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy              963763920                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy           2087130240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          13005387900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy           7764783000                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy            25330394910                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            792.688816                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    763464250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF      67080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    1178173500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                199954440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                109102125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy              1171794000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy              956759040                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy           2087130240                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          12268876365                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy           8410837500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy            25204453710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            788.747955                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    839412500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF      67080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    1103425500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.ruby_clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst     10400008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data      1199412                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::total       11599420                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst     10400008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::total     10400008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::switch_cpus0.data       399804                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::total       399804                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst      1300001                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data       299853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::total         1599854                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::switch_cpus0.data        99951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::total          99951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst   5179711186                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    597365671                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::total        5777076857                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst   5179711186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::total   5179711186                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::switch_cpus0.data    199121890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::total        199121890                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst   5179711186                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data    796487561                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::total       5976198747                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                   0                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.gpu.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.gpu.clk_domain.clock                      1429                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.dram_wrapper.clk_domain.clock          541                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.icnt_wrapper.clk_domain.clock         2858                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                  23661                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.113182                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 5.417252                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |       20536     86.79%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |           0      0.00%     86.79% |        3125     13.21%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                    23661                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples      1699806                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1699806    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total       1699806                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples             1699805                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.362430                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.010180                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              9.793836                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |     1696525     99.81%     99.81% |        2760      0.16%     99.97% |         150      0.01%     99.98% |         280      0.02%     99.99% |          50      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total               1699805                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples         1696388                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1696388    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total           1696388                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples           3417                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean        181.292654                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean       154.240966                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev       123.611790                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |         137      4.01%      4.01% |        2760     80.77%     84.78% |         150      4.39%     89.17% |         280      8.19%     97.37% |          50      1.46%     98.83% |          32      0.94%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           8      0.23%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total             3417                      
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagefaults                 0                       # Number of Pagefaults
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagewalks                  0                       # Number of Pagewalks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.totalRequests                 0                       # Total number of requests
system.gpu.shader_mmu.l2hits                        0                       # Hits in the shared L2
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchHits                  0                       # Number of prefetch hits
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPrefetches                 0                       # Number of prefetchs
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchFaults                0                       # Number of faults caused by prefetches
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::samples            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::mean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::gmean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::stdev          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::0            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::1            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::2            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::3            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::4            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::5            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::6            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::7            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::8            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::9            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::10            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::11            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::12            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::13            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::14            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::15            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::total            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.kernels_started                          0                       # Number of kernels started
system.gpu.kernels_completed                        0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hits                       0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.misses                     0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hitRate                  nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hits                         0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.misses                       0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hitRate                    nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.numOperations                         0                       # Number of copy/memset operations
system.gpu.ce.opBytesRead                           0                       # Number of copy bytes read
system.gpu.ce.opBytesWritten                        0                       # Number of copy/memset bytes written
system.gpu.ce.opTimeTicks                           0                       # Total time spent in copy/memset operations
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores0.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores0.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores1.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores1.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores2.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores2.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores3.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores3.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.hits                0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits       396389                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses         3415                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses       399804                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      1299999                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            2                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1300001                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.hits             0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits          128                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         3289                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         3417                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.757999                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0        27336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       464712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     1.479099                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0         6706                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9834                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6867                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0        53648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1337424                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.721100                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6417                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3450                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0        26312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       872712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27600                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.295820                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         6706                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9834                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6867                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        53648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1337424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control           20118                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control          345                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        29502                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        30846                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         9375                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control          531                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control           160944                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control         2760                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      4012272                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       246768                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      1275000                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control         4248                      
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                 4015671                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts            1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps              1600003                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses      1599954                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts       100050                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts             1599954                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads      3099661                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes      1399953                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_reads       500250                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_writes       600196                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs               399804                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts             299853                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts             99951                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles           4015671                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                   100050                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass           49      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu          1200150     75.01%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult               0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv                0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead          299853     18.74%     93.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite          99951      6.25%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total           1600003                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.765825                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3302                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       464712                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26416                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.750174                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        27336                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     1.487311                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        27336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       447304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.470887                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6545                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3463                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        26312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       890120                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27704                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.705063                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3128                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        26312                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       425408                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.737137                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       447304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26312                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.765825                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          115                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3302                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       464712                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     1.487311                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0         3417                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3404                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2         3415                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         3125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          177                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        27336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       447304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        27232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        27320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       425000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1416                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.705063                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         3289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1          161                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        26312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       425408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples         10134                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         4.933886                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        7.389474                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |        7009     69.16%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |           0      0.00%     69.16% |        3125     30.84%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total           10134                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples         13412                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |       13412    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total           13412                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples           115                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total             115                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples           299853                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.106055                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.004101                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           4.775425                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |      299691     99.95%     99.95% |         140      0.05%     99.99% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total             299853                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples       299563                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      299563    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total         299563                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples          290                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean     110.658621                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     68.862504                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev    107.731391                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |         128     44.14%     44.14% |         140     48.28%     92.41% |          10      3.45%     95.86% |           9      3.10%     98.97% |           2      0.69%     99.66% |           1      0.34%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total           290                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples            99951                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            6.839421                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.173345                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev          39.100394                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |       96835     96.88%     96.88% |        2619      2.62%     99.50% |         140      0.14%     99.64% |         270      0.27%     99.91% |          48      0.05%     99.96% |          31      0.03%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total              99951                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples        96826                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       96826    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total          96826                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples         3125                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     187.769920                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean    166.163566                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    122.926422                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |           9      0.29%      0.29% |        2619     83.81%     84.10% |         140      4.48%     88.58% |         270      8.64%     97.22% |          48      1.54%     98.75% |          31      0.99%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           0      0.00%     99.74% |           8      0.26%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total          3125                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples      1300001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000464                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000009                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.401812                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |     1299999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total        1300001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples      1299999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     1299999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total      1299999                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples            2                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   302.500000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   278.323553                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev   167.584307                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           0      0.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total            2                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch           3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data            3128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack         3128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data          3128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack         3128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |      299853    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total       299853                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     1300001    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      1300001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       99951    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total        99951                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        3302    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total         3302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |         290    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total          290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        3127    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total         3127                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |        3302    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total         3302                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |         177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        3125    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total         3125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     1299999    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      1299999                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      299563    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total       299563                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |         113    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total          113                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         177    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total          177                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       96826    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        96826                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        3125    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         3125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |         290    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total          290                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        3125    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total         3125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |        3302    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total         3302                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS            290      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX           3125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX           3302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         3128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          161      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock         3415      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS          162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         3125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS          128      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         3127      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean           47      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX         3302      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         3289      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all            1      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all          112      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data          162      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data            2      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         3125      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock         3415      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
