
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.344659                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                344659007500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               344874028500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 218544                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   418015                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              376428036                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                1278036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   915.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   200100003                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     382735942                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0       519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             519424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::ruby.dir_cntrl0       253184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          253184                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::ruby.dir_cntrl0         4058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                4058                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::ruby.dir_cntrl0         1978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1978                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::ruby.dir_cntrl0      1507066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total               1507066                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::ruby.dir_cntrl0       734593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               734593                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::ruby.dir_cntrl0      2241659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total              2241659                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        4058                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       1978                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      8116                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     3956                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                 515072                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    4352                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  251840                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  519424                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys               253184                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     68                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0               528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1               512                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3               516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4               524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5               582                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6               654                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7               414                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9               390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10              422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11              392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12              388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13              520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14              784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15              516                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2               291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5               256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6               260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7               164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8               162                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9               232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12              144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13              282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14              338                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15              328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  344636561500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  8116                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 3956                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    4024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    4024                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                     24                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    241                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    244                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                    243                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         4491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    170.766422                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   144.152299                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   168.012895                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::0-127           33      0.73%      0.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4101     91.32%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-383           69      1.54%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-511           53      1.18%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-639           42      0.94%     95.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-767           36      0.80%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-895           24      0.53%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           35      0.78%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           98      2.18%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         4491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      38.181070                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     19.809526                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    238.558897                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-127           238     97.94%     97.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-255            4      1.65%     99.59% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3712-3839            1      0.41%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total           243                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples          243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.193416                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.182969                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      0.602712                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16              220     90.53%     90.53% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18               22      9.05%     99.59% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19                1      0.41%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total           243                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    252553000                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat               403453000                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                   40240000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31380.84                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                50130.84                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         1.49                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.73                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      1.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.73                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.01                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       2.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      19.85                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                     4029                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    3463                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 50.06                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                87.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   57096845.84                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                    62.41                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                 18544680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                 10118625                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                38360400                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy               12927600                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy          22525139520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy          13671466245                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy         194928784500                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy           231205341570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower            670.415302                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 324118428000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF   11508900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    9031028250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                 17062920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                  9310125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                34054800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy               12571200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy          22525139520                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy          13141876680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy         195393336750                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy           231133351995                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower            670.206557                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 324901545750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF   11508900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    8247910500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.ruby_clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.inst   2207120216                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::switch_cpus0.data    254842894                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_read::total     2461963110                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst   2207120216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_inst_read::total   2207120216                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::switch_cpus0.data    182189031                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bytes_written::total    182189031                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.inst    275890027                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::switch_cpus0.data     40746961                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_reads::total       316636988                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::switch_cpus0.data     27573506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.num_writes::total       27573506                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.inst   6403779295                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::switch_cpus0.data    739405872                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_read::total        7143185167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus0.inst   6403779295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_inst_read::total   6403779295                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::switch_cpus0.data    528606614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_write::total        528606614                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.inst   6403779295                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::switch_cpus0.data   1268012486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.ruby.phys_mem.bw_total::total       7671791781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                 158                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.gpu.clk_domain.voltage_domain.voltage            1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.gpu.clk_domain.clock                      1429                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.dram_wrapper.clk_domain.clock          541                       # Clock period in ticks
system.gpu.icnt_wrapper.clk_domain.clock         2858                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                  2                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                  19                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                  64023                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  1.506958                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 4.673409                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |       57993     90.58%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |           0      0.00%     90.58% |        6030      9.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                    64023                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::samples    344210495                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::mean              1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::gmean             1                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist         |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   344210495    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist::total     344210495                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::bucket_size             128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::max_bucket             1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::samples           344210494                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::mean               1.002606                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::gmean              1.000125                      
system.ruby.latency_hist::stdev              0.714895                      
system.ruby.latency_hist                 |   344206472    100.00%    100.00% |        3559      0.00%    100.00% |         224      0.00%    100.00% |         155      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist::total             344210494                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::samples       344199079                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::mean                  1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::gmean                 1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist             |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   344199079    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist::total         344199079                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::samples          11415                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::mean         79.583092                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::gmean        43.275590                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::stdev        96.108062                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist            |        7393     64.77%     64.77% |        3559     31.18%     95.94% |         224      1.96%     97.91% |         155      1.36%     99.26% |          62      0.54%     99.81% |          19      0.17%     99.97% |           1      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist::total            11415                      
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagefaults                 0                       # Number of Pagefaults
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPagewalks                  0                       # Number of Pagewalks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.totalRequests                 0                       # Total number of requests
system.gpu.shader_mmu.l2hits                        0                       # Hits in the shared L2
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchHits                  0                       # Number of prefetch hits
system.gpu.shader_mmu.numPrefetches                 0                       # Number of prefetchs
system.gpu.shader_mmu.prefetchFaults                0                       # Number of faults caused by prefetches
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagefaultLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagefault
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::samples            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::mean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::gmean          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::stdev          nan                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::0            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::1            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::2            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::3            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::4            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::5            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::6            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::7            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::8            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::9            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::10            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::11            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::12            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::13            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::14            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::15            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.concurrentWalks::total            0                       # Number of outstanding walks
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::samples            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::0            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::1            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::2            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::3            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::4            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::5            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::6            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::7            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::8            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::9            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::10            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::11            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::12            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::13            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::14            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::15            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::16            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::17            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::18            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::19            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::20            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::21            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::22            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::23            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::24            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::25            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::26            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::27            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::28            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::29            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::30            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::31            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.shader_mmu.pagewalkLatency::total            0                       # Latency to complete the pagewalk
system.gpu.kernels_started                          0                       # Number of kernels started
system.gpu.kernels_completed                        0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hits                       0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.misses                     0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.device_dtb.hitRate                  nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hits                         0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.misses                       0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.ce.host_dtb.hitRate                    nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.ce.numOperations                         0                       # Number of copy/memset operations
system.gpu.ce.opBytesRead                           0                       # Number of copy bytes read
system.gpu.ce.opBytesWritten                        0                       # Number of copy/memset bytes written
system.gpu.ce.opTimeTicks                           0                       # Total time spent in copy/memset operations
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores0.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores0.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores0.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores0.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores0.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores1.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores1.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores1.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores1.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores1.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores2.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores2.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores2.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores2.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores2.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hits                   0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.misses                 0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.itb.hitRate              nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_loads                0                       # Number of loads from local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.local_stores               0                       # Number of stores to local space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_loads               0                       # Number of loads from shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.shared_stores              0                       # Number of stores to shared space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_kernel_loads            0                       # Number of loads from kernel parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_loads            0                       # Number of loads from local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.param_local_stores            0                       # Number of stores to local parameter space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.const_loads                0                       # Number of loads from constant space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.tex_loads                  0                       # Number of loads from texture space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_loads               0                       # Number of loads from global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.global_stores              0                       # Number of stores to global space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.surf_loads                 0                       # Number of loads from surface space
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_loads              0                       # Number of loads from generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.generic_stores             0                       # Number of stores to generic spaces (global, shared, local)
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_requests            0                       # Number of instruction cache requests sent
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_cache_retries            0                       # Number of instruction cache retries
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::0             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::1             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::2             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::3             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::4             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::5             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::6             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.inst_counts::7             0                       # Inst counts: 1: ALU, 2: MAD, 3: CTRL, 4: SFU, 5: MEM, 6: TEX, 7: NOP
system.gpu.shader_cores3.activeCycles               0                       # Number of cycles this shader was executing a CTA
system.gpu.shader_cores3.notStalledCycles            0                       # Number of cycles this shader was actually executing at least one instance
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instInstances              0                       # Total instructions executed by all PEs in the core
system.gpu.shader_cores3.instPerCycle             nan                       # Instruction instances per cycle
system.gpu.shader_cores3.kernels_completed            0                       # Number of kernels completed
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hits            0                       # Number of hits in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.misses            0                       # Number of misses in this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.data_tlb.hitRate          nan                       # Hit rate for this TLB
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::samples            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::mean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::gmean          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::stdev          nan                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::0            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::1            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::2            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::3            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::4            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::5            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::6            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::7            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::8            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::9            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::10            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::11            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::12            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::13            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::14            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::15            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::16            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::17            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::18            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::19            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::20            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::21            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::22            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::23            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::24            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::25            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::26            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::27            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::28            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::29            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::30            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::31            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::32            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::33            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::34            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::35            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::36            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::37            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::38            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::39            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::40            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::41            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::42            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::43            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::44            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::45            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::46            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::47            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::48            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::49            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::50            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::51            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::52            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::53            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::54            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::55            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::56            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::57            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::58            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::59            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::60            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::61            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::62            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::63            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::64            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpInstBufActive::total            0                       # Histogram of number of active warp inst buffers at a given time
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.cacheAccesses            0                       # Average number of concurrent outstanding cache accesses
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.writebackBlockedCycles            0                       # Number of cycles blocked for core writeback stage
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrHitQueued            0                       # Number of hits on blocked lines in MSHRs
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCycles            0                       # Number of cycles stalled waiting for an MSHR
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.mshrsFullCount            0                       # Number of times MSHRs filled
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::samples            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::mean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::gmean          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::stdev          nan                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::0            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::1            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::2            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::3            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::4            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::5            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::6            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::7            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::8            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::9            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::10            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::11            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::12            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::13            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::14            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::15            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::16            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::17            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::18            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::19            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::20            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::21            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::22            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::23            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::24            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::25            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::26            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::27            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::28            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::29            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::30            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::31            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::32            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpCoalescedAccesses::total            0                       # Number of coalesced accesses per warp instruction
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyRead::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the read
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyWrite::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the write
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyFence::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the fence
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.warpLatencyAtomic::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for whole warp to finish the atomic
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::samples            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::mean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::gmean          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::stdev          nan                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::0            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::1            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::2            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::3            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::4            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::5            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::6            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::7            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::8            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::9            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::10            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::11            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::12            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::13            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::14            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::15            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.gpu.shader_cores3.lsq.tlbMissLatency::total            0                       # Latency in cycles for TLB miss
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.hits                0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.ce_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     68309236                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        11231                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     68320467                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits    275889843                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses          184                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses    275890027                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp00.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp01.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp02.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.hits            0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl_sp03.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.hits             0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_pw_cntrl.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         7357                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         4058                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses        11415                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized     0.012222                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::0        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11604                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::0        91320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1552440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        92832                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     0.016210                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0        15473                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17451                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14882                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0       123784                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2373336                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       119056                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     0.003988                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1         6036                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3278                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0        32464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       820896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        26224                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     0.003242                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0        15473                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1        17451                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1        14882                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0       123784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2373336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       119056                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control           46419                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         1890                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        52353                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        78339                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data        18192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control        14934                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control           371352                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        15120                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      7120008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control       626712                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data      2474112                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control       119472                      
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               689318015                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          200000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            382542330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_alu_accesses    378999939                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_alu_accesses       2126628                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.num_func_calls            4247987                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus0.num_conditional_control_insts     36642824                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_insts           378999939                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_insts              2126628                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_reads    753063730                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_int_register_writes    314534276                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_reads      2953650                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_fp_register_writes      1772190                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_reads    260686327                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.switch_cpus0.num_cc_register_writes    125282762                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.switch_cpus0.num_mem_refs             68320467                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus0.num_load_insts           40746961                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_store_insts          27573506                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.num_busy_cycles         689318015                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus0.not_idle_fraction               1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.idle_fraction                   0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus0.Branches                 46204437                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::No_OpClass      2006493      0.52%      0.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntAlu        306318052     80.07%     80.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntMult          117056      0.03%     80.63% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IntDiv          4126218      1.08%     81.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatAdd        1654044      0.43%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCmp              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatCvt              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatMult             0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatDiv              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::FloatSqrt             0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAdd               0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdAlu               0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCmp               0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdCvt               0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMisc              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMult              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShift             0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdSqrt              0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemRead        40746961     10.65%     92.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::MemWrite       27573506      7.21%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::IprAccess             0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.op_class::total         382542330                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                       0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts                  0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps                    0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_alu_accesses            0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.num_func_calls                  0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_insts                   0                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_insts                    0                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_reads            0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_int_register_writes            0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_reads            0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus1.num_fp_register_writes            0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus1.num_mem_refs                    0                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus1.num_load_insts                  0                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_store_insts                 0                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.num_idle_cycles                 0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.num_busy_cycles                 0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus1.not_idle_fraction               0                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.idle_fraction                   1                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::No_OpClass            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntAlu                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntMult               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IntDiv                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatAdd              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCmp              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatCvt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatMult             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatDiv              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::FloatSqrt             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAdd               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAddAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdAlu               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCmp               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdCvt               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMisc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMult              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShift             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdSqrt              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemRead               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::MemWrite              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::IprAccess             0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::InstPrefetch            0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.op_class::total                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014920                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11008                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1552440                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        88064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009524                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          596                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        91320                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4768                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014719                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        91320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       551888                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     0.017701                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        13393                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11658                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        32464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1821448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        93264                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002781                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1978                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          650                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        32464                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       269008                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     0.005195                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         2628                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       551888                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        21024                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     0.014920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2          630                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        11008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         5040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1552440                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        88064                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     0.014719                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0        11415                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1         3224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        11231                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0         6030                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           34                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         4978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0        91320                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       551888                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        25792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        89848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0       820080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         4624                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        39824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     0.002781                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0         4058                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1978                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1          650                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0        32464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       269008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            2                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           19                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples         33654                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         2.866821                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        6.136089                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |       27624     82.08%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |           0      0.00%     82.08% |        6030     17.92%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total           33654                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples         29739                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |       29739    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total           29739                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples           630                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |         630    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total             630                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::max_bucket           639                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::samples         38501799                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::mean            1.003376                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::gmean           1.000416                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::stdev           0.440832                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist              |    38501651    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |         136      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist::total           38501799                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::samples     38496684                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    38496684    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist::total       38496684                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::samples         5115                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::mean      26.414076                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::gmean     22.951605                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::stdev     28.585952                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist         |        4967     97.11%     97.11% |           0      0.00%     97.11% |         136      2.66%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           4      0.08%     99.84% |           3      0.06%     99.90% |           2      0.04%     99.94% |           1      0.02%     99.96% |           1      0.02%     99.98% |           1      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist::total          5115                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::max_bucket          1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::samples         27573506                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::mean            1.026640                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::gmean           1.000945                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::stdev           2.422269                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist              |    27569814     99.99%     99.99% |        3257      0.01%    100.00% |         206      0.00%    100.00% |         149      0.00%    100.00% |          58      0.00%    100.00% |          19      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist::total           27573506                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::samples     27567390                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::mean               1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::gmean              1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist          |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27567390    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist::total       27567390                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::samples         6116                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::mean     121.105298                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::gmean     70.591126                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::stdev    109.692923                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist         |        2424     39.63%     39.63% |        3257     53.25%     92.89% |         206      3.37%     96.26% |         149      2.44%     98.69% |          58      0.95%     99.64% |          19      0.31%     99.95% |           1      0.02%     99.97% |           2      0.03%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist::total          6116                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::samples    275890027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::mean        1.000118                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::gmean       1.000003                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::stdev       0.155054                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist          |   275889843    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |         165      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist::total      275890027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::samples    275889843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist      |           0      0.00%      0.00% |   275889843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist::total    275889843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::samples          184                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::mean   177.461957                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::gmean   169.568225                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::stdev    70.258062                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2      1.09%      1.09% |         165     89.67%     90.76% |           1      0.54%     91.30% |           6      3.26%     94.57% |           5      2.72%     97.28% |           2      1.09%     98.37% |           1      0.54%     98.91% |           0      0.00%     98.91% |           2      1.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist::total          184                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::samples      2245162                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::mean             1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2245162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist::total      2245162                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::samples      2245162                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2245162    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist::total      2245162                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch           4058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data            1978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data         4058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack         1978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement          650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch         4058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data          1978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement          650      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data         4058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack         1978      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    38501799    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     38501799                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |   275890027    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total    275890027                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |    29818668    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total     29818668                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         630    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          630                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |       11008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total        11008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |        5115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total         5115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        6300    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total         6300                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       11008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total        11008                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |        5020    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total         5020                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |        6089    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total         6089                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         190    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          190                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          95    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total           95                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch  |         183    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Ifetch::total          183                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          27    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           27                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |   275889843    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total    275889843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         318    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     7336264    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      7336264                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |          88    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |        4978    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total         4978                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    31160420    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     31160420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |    29812518    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total     29812518                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          34    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           34                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |        6030    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total         6030                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |        5115    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total         5115                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |         184    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total          184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |        6116    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total         6116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       11008    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total        11008                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR          184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS           5115      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX           6116      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX          11008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement         1944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean          684      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data          4058      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack           2628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data             34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all            596      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock        11231      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR          184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS          155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX         3719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean          508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS         4960      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX         2397      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement         1944      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean           54      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX        11008      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean          122      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack         2628      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.WB_Data           34      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all           88      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all          508      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data          155      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data          184      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data         3719      0.00%      0.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock        11231      0.00%      0.00%

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
